Document Server Templates (#1712)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Template.md

# Template Resource

### Template Object

> Represents a code that when used, creates a new guild duplicated from an existing one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents a code that when used, creates a new guild based on the template data.
```

Author: IMO that wording seems to imply that the template is an individual thing with its own separate data, while it's actually just a server's data.

Reviewer 2: A server template can go out of sync with a server's data. Try creating a template in a server than adding or removing a channel. This means that they do include their own data.

###### Template Structure

| Field                   | Type                                                             | Description                                  |
| ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |

> | code                    | string                                                           | the invite code (unique ID)                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| code                    | string                                                           | the template code (unique ID)                  |
```

| name                    | string                                                           | template name                                          |

> | description             | string                                                           | the description for the template                       |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| description             | ?string                                                          | the description for the template                       |
```

If you provide no description, the description field can be null:

![Postman](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46497296/95003558-d5a36300-05e0-11eb-9304-7667d88292ef.png)

| usage_count             | integer                                                          | number of times this template has been used  |
| creator_id              | snowflake                                                        | the ID of the user who created the template  |
| creator                 | [user](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/user-object) object                  | the user who created the template            |
| created_at              | ISO8601 timestamp                                                | when this template was created               |
| updated_at              | ISO8601 timestamp                                                | when this template was last synced           |

> | source_guild_id         | snowflake                                                        | the ID of the guild this template duplicates |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| source_guild_id         | snowflake                                                        | the ID of the guild this template snapshots |
```

> | serialized_source_guild | partial [guild](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object) object       | the guild this template duplicates           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| serialized_source_guild | partial [guild](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object) object       | the guild snapshot this template holds           |
```
